docs/framac_setup.md, before:

## Frama-C Setup

[Frama-C](https://frama-c.com/) is a powerful program analysis tool. We use it in this project for its implementation of [abstract interpretation](https://www.di.ens.fr/~cousot/AI/IntroAbsInt.html). As for why we need to use abstract interpretation, check out [our project overview](README.md).

[Here is a template to use for setting up Frama-C](GNUmakefile_template). It is based on the GNUmakefile found in [Frama-C's open source case studies](https://git.frama-c.com/pub/open-source-case-studies). Simply change all occurrences of \<filename\> to the filename of the single C file (without the .c extension), rename the template to GNUmakefile, and place the template in the target source code folder.

Suppose your single C file is called "simple.c", to automate renaming use this command: `sed -i 's/<filename>/simple/g' GNUmakefile`

Frama-C has some knobs to turn that allows user to tune its analysis. We plan to make another tutorial that explains some of those knobs in the future.

Commit message:

Major Makeover
More intuitive UI. Currently 3 options to run the tool (with docker but
inivisible to user, user in docker, run on host). Updated docs to
reflect better UI. Rerun evaluation, result in dataset.tar.gz. Also
major overhaul on code organization.

docs/framac_setup.md, after:

## Frama-C Setup

[Frama-C](https://frama-c.com/) is a powerful program analysis tool. We use it in this project for its implementation of [abstract interpretation](https://www.di.ens.fr/~cousot/AI/IntroAbsInt.html). As for why we need to use abstract interpretation, check out [our project overview](README.md).

[Here is a template to use for setting up Frama-C](GNUmakefile_template). It is based on the GNUmakefile found in [Frama-C's open source case studies](https://git.frama-c.com/pub/open-source-case-studies). Simply change all occurrences of \<filename\> to the filename of the single C file (without the .c extension), rename the template to GNUmakefile, and place the template in the target source code folder.

Suppose your single C file is called "simple.c", to automate renaming use this command: `sed -i 's/<filename>/simple/g' GNUmakefile`

If you are running this tool without using our container, you will also have to change the argument to `-load-script` to the absolute filepath that points to `prettyvsa.ml` on your machine. `prettyvsa.ml` is relative to the root of this project: `tools/frama-c/prettyvsa.ml`. 

Frama-C has some knobs to turn that allows user to tune its analysis. We plan to make another tutorial that explains some of those knobs in the future.
